add `for_each` trigger example (#15326)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0/automate/events/automations-triggers.mdx

```
</Tip>

### Trigger a deployment when a customer completes an order
Imagine you are running an e-commerce platform and you want to trigger a deployment when a customer completes an order.

> There might be a couple events that occur during an order on your platform, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There might be a number of events that occur during an order on your platform, for example:
```

- `order.created`
- `order.item.added`
- `order.payment-method.confirmed`
- `order.shipping-method.added`
- `order.complete`

<Tip>
**Event grammar**

The above choices of event names are arbitrary. With Prefect events, you're free to select any event grammar that best
represents your use case.

> </Tip>

Reviewer: good tip
